Hey,
what's going on?
It's bill burn.
It's time for the Thursday afternoon.
Just before Friday,
Monday morning podcast.
And I
checking in on you.
What's go oh,
I got my microphone back.
He's back from Europe baby.
He's back from Europe.
I got mine,
I got my fucking microphone there.
Um,
I'm fucking wound up cause I'm jetlagged uh,
first of all,
a lot of people sent me tweets were making sure I was okay cause I was in Italy,
um,
where they had that horrible earthquake unfortunately.
And uh,
devastating.
Um,
I actually had flown out like 12 hours before that,
but I was down on the Amalfi coast.
So I don't think I would've felt at any ways,
but uh,
you know,
whenever I,
it nothing happened to me.
So that pales in comparison to what happened to everybody else who is in the
vicinity of it.
So,
um,
fucking brutal.
You know,
it was crazy.
It was,
I looked it up to see when it happened and there was like a website that has all
the earthquakes,
like every day,
like every day there's like,
I forget some ridiculous number.
It was either like 30 or 700.
Either way,
it was impressive.
The amount of fucking earthquake sit there are.
And um,
you know,
it just goes to show you that just things are just always moving and changing.
Um,
I'm half in the bag right now and I don't mean Boosie cause all fucking Billy
Boothbay is clean.
He's going clean until his special.
Um,
I'm taking my special in Nashville,
by the way,
at the Ryman theater doing two shows,
October 21st is a few tickets still left.
If you'd like to go there and say I was there when he did the thing about his
fucking balls during the thing there with the fucking shit.
You know,
you could say that you were there,
uh,
or you could just say it anyways.
You could see no one ever says,
you know,
produce a ticket stub.
When you really think about it.
He say,
yeah,
it was fucking there.
What stock?
I was there,
JFK.
I was on the grassy knoll.
Oh yeah.
There was other people there.
I had declined to answer that question.
I smelt.
I definitely smelled gun gunshots and my ears were ringing,
but I'm going to stop short of saying that it took place on the grassy knoll.
Um,
yeah,
so I am totally fucking jet lagged and uh,
I've been doing a radio tour to promote all these dates.
I got coming up getting ready for this special Reno fucking go into Virginia.
Fuck yeah.
Ousted South Carolina.
All of this shit.
Getting ready to do that.
I'm doing the makeup date finally from the Snowden days of Long Island.
That's going to be September 7th.
And I don't know where the fuck I go from there,
but I know I had down south going down south the man and I'm woke my wife today
cause I was doing the
fucking radio bubba.
The love sponge was,
I think it was the first one that I did and that woke her up.
She's looking at me like,
Jesus Christ,
what are you doing?
I'm like,
go back to sleep.
That's not what I said.
I said,
oh,
I'm sorry honey.
Did I wake you?
She goes,
yes.
And she goes,
can you make me some waffles with Turkey Bacon?
And I said yes.
Okay.
You know why?
Cause that's how you shut these broads up.
You know what I mean?
You just go in the way.
What do you want?
Something with fucking sugar on it to keep your fucking menstrual flow and
fucking cycle.
Whatever the fuck goes on down there.
Okay.
That's not my part of it.
I'm like the race car driver.
I don't know how to build the fucking engine when I can get that fucker around
the track.
I don't even know what that means.
Um,
so anyways,
I was making the waffles and of course all you know,
she likes Turkey Bacon,
which evidently you can't stick in the oven.
I don't like Turkey Bacon.
It doesn't taste as good as pork bacon.
And you don't know when it's done when his Turkey banking.
All right.
So,
uh,
the pan was dirty.
So I'm fucking in the middle of this radio tour and I'm fucking making,
I dunno.
Somehow I was at the sink,
I was fucking jet lag and the Greg Kid band jeopardy pops in my fucking head and
now I got it downloaded.
Right?
And next thing you know,
I'm fucking doing dishes like six 30 in the morning,
right?
Got My pajama bottoms on fucking headphones.
Just cracking.
Right.
Where were you when I need you all to something.
It's up dead bitch.
Right?
So fuck you.
Yeah.
Real fucking
shit.
Anyway,
it's so hard to be all alone.
I know you're something.
Yeah.
Oh,
ah.
I love the jeopardy.
Right?
And then of course she's back up,
so you still waking me up.
It's like,
sorry.
You know what I mean?
With the farms.
What's your radio tow wash the fucking pan in and to make waffles and I'm not
supposed to listen to eighties music.
Is that what you're telling me?
You're telling me that it's six 31 in the morning,
you know,
so then I went on a great kid and fucking binge write and you something and you
something and you're fucking something.
Oh,
oh,
oh Dododo gag.
Whoa.
No.
They'd go,
ah,
there it is not affirmative.
He says no like 58 different times.
I don't know how they do.
I don't know how to lead singers do it.
Like I would get stuck in my head like,
oh fuck,
it's coming around again and I got to say no and another unique way,
no,
no.
Oh no way.
Rape,
whatever they fucked.
I Dunno.
No means no.
Greg can band.
I normally do drinking the tea right now,
which
drives people fucking nuts.
I don't have fucking time cause I got shit to do.
All right,
so as mentioned when I was under,
for some reason I'm pointing at myself in the fucking mirror cause I'm trying
to,
I'm trying to keep the fucking energy going.
I got neither,
not 24 fucking minutes.
Then I'm done with this shit home.
I God,
am I a fat fuck?
Holy Shit.
You know,
I'll,
you know you are,
when you sit down and you see yourself in a mirror.
Holy fucking shit.
Good look.
Imagine a snow man.
What the fuck and flesh put on it?
That's what I look like right now.
You fucking hang on a second.
I got to talk to myself in the mirror.
You fucking fat.
Disappointment.
Well,
Hey dad,
Yo,
yo,
right Amy,
we'll go downstairs and elliptical.
Yes we are.
We're doing 45 minutes of fucking day until you could sit down and look like a
fucking human big.
You disgust me.
That's how it's done.
That is fat shaming one on one.
You do it to yourself.
Okay.
The Becky head,
you know,
you still love yourself.
You know,
tonight you're going to give yourself a couple of Oreo cookies as a reward and
the gate immediately after two bites,
at least 27 minutes of cardio,
you know,
you're doing that.
Why wouldn't you do that?
Um,
so I came back to the good old us of a,
had a little contraband,
if you know what I mean.
I ain't talking drugs,
man.
Talking about,
you know,
uh,
the fucking cigar habit got me again when I was over there.
Those mother fuckers in a casino,
you know,
uh,
you go to fucking duty free and next thing you know,
you're down the street buying a human door and there it sits there it sits
laughing at me.
Oh,
shiny.
Oh God.
Damn you bill.
You're such a weak son of a bitch.
Um,
but when I got home aside from a month of male,
when I ordered two books,
when I was over there and I was excited,
one of them or not,
it's going to kill me because this guy is such an underrated drummer.
Like I've never even heard the proper pronunciation of his name.
So I forgive me if I fuck this.
I'm going to fuck it up cause I'm gonna say it two different ways.
Modal,
modal Motel.
You see the,
the Billy Squier drummer.
Is it Bobby?
Is it chew in ARD or shoe or not?
I don't know what blood,
uh,
he had a book,
the story of the Bobby Bobby,
she went to our June,
our story drummer.
Extraordinary.
And I'm reading through that and uh,
it's just a fucking great story and a killer drummer and a,
it's just,
you know,
he's got his modern drummer article in there.
It's got all this killer fucking Ludwig drum kits.
It's got all these interviews with all these guys,
fucking Steve Smith and all these,
these guys from the whole Boston music scene and all these clubs that they
played.
I remember back in the day when I'd be listening to WBCN the rocket Boston,
they'd be like,
oh,
go check out fucking so and so down at the channel are red,
the Tam or the Middle East or tavern,
the paradise and all that Shit.
And I remember thinking,
yeah,
what it never,
but you don't dreams die and a,
you get older and you learn to accept things that,
you know,
the,
the simple things in life,
you know,
a little bit of apple cider as she watched the sun going down on your nine year
old Prius.
You know,
those things,
you'll learn to appreciate those things.
You know,
you're like,
you know what,
it'll,
there's a lot of people out there that that day they,
they,
they would kill to have that dream,
you know,
not in this country.
It's kind of hard when the people you're surrounded with that's not their dream.
That's kind of hard when they're laughing at that dream sharp,
that gets difficult.
But if you could somehow transport that nine year old Prius to some of the
poorest parts on earth,
why they would look at you like a king and that's what you have to hold on to.
Um,
I'm just encouraging my way through this fucking thing.
So then I went on this fucking,
this,
this whole thing on WBC WBCN.
Like I'm fucking looking up every article I could find.
I ended up watching the last broadcast of,
of WBCN.
I didn't know it came out in 1968 I was born in 68 and for the first 41 years of
my life,
that fucking radio station was on the air.
You know,
they helped out Aerosmith,
they helped up all these fucking bands.
David Bowie,
all these guys,
they all these pictures,
Frank Zap,
all these guys come to the station and I was like,
I need to know more about this shit.
Next thing you know,
I'm buying a book on it.
See,
I used to be in a,
I used to be in trucking.
I didn't drive a truck.
I unloaded the truck.
That's what I did.
I used to work in warehousing.
I liked warehousing.
Why?
Because I didn't have a desk and there was a giant square footage area.
Then if long,
as long as I was within it,
I was considered doing my job.
There wasn't somebody breathing down my fucking throat.
You know,
my neck,
I should say my throat.
I was weighed down.
My fucking neck is,
I'm supposed to be doing the spreadsheets,
so whatever it is,
those fucking poor people who sit in cubicles.
Do you ever just,
you and me just see,
you have just,
it would just walk by that maze of fucking cubicles.
You know?
If I was,
if I worked in there every Halloween you'd have to dress,
dress up like Jack Nicholson in the shining and just Olympia way through all of
them with an ax go and work
like fake icicles on your nose.
He couldn't do that.
Some somebody would blow a rape whistle or they would,
they would somehow feel it was sexist because how come a woman couldn't dress
up?
Why was he chasing a woman?
You know,
all the fun of it would be immediately taken away by human race.
One fucking one little fucking little to,
to,
to call the human resources,
you know,
it would just all go away.
The whole thing would go away.
And then what?
You'd go right back to the soul crushing silent islands of 148 adults sitting in
a maze of cubicles wondering,
pray,
oh B for Sunday.
Their dream to come walking through that door and get them the fuck out of that
opposite but until then continue on with his spreadsheets.
So I used to work out in the yard,
used to work out in the warehouse,
unloading of trucks,
you know,
ups driver.
The Fedex driver,
you know,
half those guys would show up.
They gave themselves their own tattoos for whatever fucking reason.
All of them,
every fucking one of them had something in common was that they didn't want to
work for somebody else,
but they were too dumb to start their own fucking business.
So what do you do?
You get into trucking.
I work for you buddy,
but you ain't going to see me for days.
You understand?
You don't know.
Am I at this crackle bear,
the Myopia there,
the days am I on a side of the fucking highway poured shop?
You got no fucking idea.
And as long as I bring that truck,
load a cute tips in by Thursday,
9:00 AM I'm getting paid.
Don't be,
it don't matter what the fuck I did for the last three fucking days.
And I always relate it to those guys.
I saw it.
There was,
there was a freedom,
yet you had stability.
Okay,
I'm getting a check every fucking week,
but I don't get some breathing down my neck unless you work for ups.
UPS was a motherfucker.
They always had that fucking ride along.
Douche,
the ice cube of ups.
Right.
And then you will though the Kevin Hart character driving the fucking thing as
he was reading you the riot act.
Well,
I guess in those movies,
Ice Cube always drives,
but you know what I mean,
the hard ass.
And then you were like the,
uh,
the,
the chicken police academy don't move dirt bag right here with a fucking scared
person when they would come along and they write you up every time.
You didn't fucking put on your blinker,
you fucking Blanka right.
If you took the turn too sharp and all of that bullshit.
So anyway,
so I went down this fucking rabbit hole and I ended up buying this book on a
WBCN that's just coming out of him.
So when,
oh,
I knew it was gonna say,
so when I used to fucking work brain is all over the place.
When I used to work in the warehouse,
I,
um,
yeah,
I used to fucking let we still listen to that every fucking day.
Cha Lockwood,
Dara,
the big mattress.
And then the lunchtime song,
you know,
would come on and they'll be like whatever the fucking hits where that day where
they would just put lunch in it and then mock Parenteau would come on at 3:00 PM
and then you knew it was almost the end of the fucking day.
And he was like the coolest guy.
He was like the rock star,
the whole fucking thing.
And I know he had some extra curricular activities.
I'm talking about the man on the air,
man on the air was a fucking rock star for three to six.
It was the fucking greatest cause he was the coolest guy.
And then you knew that the day was almost fucking over right.
And you knew those guys were all doing fucking blow and they would drink.
It been made you filled the hour I do is drink.
He's,
you guys are doing blow at work.
Why can't I get drunk on the forklift?
They had that sort of influence on people in Boston dom kit.
They actually want,
I was watching.
Um,
okay.
I think Bradley j was the guy who did the last,
I watched so many of them and was fucking jet lag.
I think he did the last shift on WBCN and they were talking about all the,
all the bands that they broke,
all this stuff that they did and they would say in all the fun,
all the fun,
um,
okay.
Stuff they did for charity and they started talking about how WBCN had their own
softball team called the BCN ball busters.
And I was immediately like,
no fucking way.
I went to one of those events and they go,
yeah,
one time we played this one band,
but blah,
blah blah,
blah,
blah.
And then then,
because there was another time we played this band and I was,
and they said Huey Lewis and the news and I was like,
I was at that screaming at my computer in Italy going,
I fucking went to that.
Right.
And they were like,
yeah,
where did we,
we did that and like fucking marble head.
And I was like,
I was screaming at the computer like they could hear me.
I was like,
no.
Is it Nickerson field in fucking a and at Boston University,
I believe,
when they still had a football program and I went to that,
I remember Huey Lewis pitched,
I remember that Bass player,
he showed up dressed like he was going on stage.
He had a long leather coat and he had like the number four and then like tape on
the back of his coat.
He had his cigarette go and he was fucking hilarious.
And everybody was rooting for Huey Lewis and the news,
except for me and my buddy.
And we will heckle in them.
You know,
everybody,
you know,
it was wrong for them cause they were the rock stars.
They weren't rooting for the fucking home tab.
Right.
Bunch of fucking Dick Writers.
So we was sitting there and we had a couple,
two or three.
Yeah,
you got it right.
But he's staring at his,
um,
so anyway,
so I bought a book on that and,
um,
and that's it.
And I think,
I don't think I have anything else to fucking say.
And I still got 14 minutes left.
So this is,
this is where it becomes a quagmire.
Um,
oh,
I didn't mention I did.
Uh,
I did finally see the fucking UFC two oh two.
Holy Shit.
Was that worth the money?
I don't give a fuck if the next three UFC,
well,
I'd give a shit three if the next to stink.
I don't give a fuck.
That's how good tool too was.
That was,
that was just a,
and then of course,
I don't know the names and I don't know shit about fighting.
You know?
I got to admit,
even when,
like when I watch,
like I'll watch,
uh,
what's his face stare the Burger King Guy.
Why do I always forget his fucking name?
Conor McGregor.
There you go.
Like when he's,
when he's like,
what?
He's fucking doing his press conferences,
which is just an amazing performance.
I don't even know what the fuck he's talking about.
Okay.
I don't know what a fucking triangle is,
you know,
under hooks.
I don't know what any of that shit is.
I just fucking,
I just did.
It's the baddest fucking job you could possibly have.
What do you do for a living?
I fall can kick somebody fucking ass.
Fucking walking in there and like,
like gets the 18 hundreds bare chested just walking in and beating the fuck out.
It's the greatest thing ever.
But I've got to admit when they get all technical,
don't know what the fuck they're talking about.
You know?
So when he,
no matter what he's saying,
I don't hear what he's saying cause I don't get,
I don't,
I don't know anything about fighting.
You know what I mean?
So all I hear is I got a fucking shiny,
that's all I hear.
That's all what he talks.
I don't give a fuck what he's saying.
That's how I got a fucking shiny stood in that pair of shoes.
The market.
I got it all fucking fucking shiny.
So it's been a fucking pair of shoes to match all of them.
I'll put my fucking shiny shoes up on the fucking table.
Right?
That's all I hear.
You're going to do nothing.
You screaming and yelling and shit.
Throwing water bottles.
It's fucking tremendous.
No idea what they're talking about and ideas reminds me of every fucking dude I
ever had detention with and went to summer school with.
Right.
That fucking dude who just,
he wouldn't crack.
Even if he knew you did it,
he wouldn't say shit.
Right.
So you,
I'm like it both of them.
So I finally sit down.
Right.
I got a fucking shiny,
so I've down the street,
they stairs,
that fucking guy with a fucking shiny pair of shoes.
Shoes on.
Um,
I don't know why.
That's what I focused on probably cause I don't,
I don't know.
I haven't had a fight since like fucking seventh grade and I,
and I,
I was going to say,
and I lost as I recall.
Like you forget getting your ass kicked.
Um,
oh God.
It took a bad one.
You know when you lose so bad you can,
you can feel your hair
and so much my fucking head was on fire.
Like I could almost like close my eyes and mentally count the fucking hair
follicles.
That's how bad I lost that fight.
Holy Shit on my fucking does it.
My left here on my right here,
one of them was like so fucking hot and it was just ringing.
Ah,
you never thought like your shirt could hurt you until you got into like a
fight.
Remember that somehow you fucking color your shirt would leave like these liquid
ligature marks on your neck.
They kind of,
that happened.
Um,
Jesus fucking Christ that,
that was a good one for the other person,
not for me then that was the end of my fucking fighting.
Correct.
Um,
oh,
I had a bad fight in Korea.
You know,
I fucking,
uh,
I lost to a girl when I was in the third grade.
She was in fifth grade though.
Now,
and I tell you something,
that was a big deal.
Okay.
And if Conor McGregor can keep talking about how he went up a couple of way
classes,
then I could make a fucking excuse that this,
she was in fifth grade.
All right.
She had me buy like,
I don't know,
six inches and above she,
she was,
if she was a big girl and I was trying to get the attention of for her sister
who was in the third grade and she had,
she taken the kickball from me and I playfully went up there to take it back
from her.
But I grew up,
well I had was brothers,
so I didn't know how to fucking interact with females.
So I took it away the way I would take off my little brother I fuck and ripped
it away and she was near the school and me ripping it away caused her to careen
into the school,
which we all know are made out of bricks because of the three little pigs story.
Right?
So it's made out of fucking bricks and she hit her head on it.
It started to cry and I was,
and I was like,
and I didn't know what to do.
Shit.
My wife cried last week.
I didn't know what to do then you think I know what to do 40 fucking years ago
I didn't.
Right.
So she starts fucking crying and Outta nowhere.
Cause the third grade is in the fifth grade,
has had the same fucking recess.
She came out of fucking nowhere.
She got him on a fucking no APP.
Yeah.
And uh,
just proceeded to just fight.
I can't really remember what it was.
It was just,
it was,
I just remember it was coming from above.
I don't know exactly what she hit me with.
It was fist,
but I don't know if they would hammer fists.
I don't know what,
but she fucking kill him.
And I,
and the only kills me is I held it together.
I fucking held it together afterwards.
You know where you want to cry,
but you're like,
I'm not going to cry.
You're trying to walk upright,
you know,
with your head's a little cocked.
And I was trying to just fucking walk away and um,
I was,
I was all good and I got about five feet away and then this other girl goes,
she shouldn't have done that to you.
And then I fucking bursted out crying.
Oh,
it was a long,
sad,
sorted fucking tales of my flights.
Um,
but doing it had a lot of high.
Did you bill?
You cried after a woman beat you up,
you know what I mean?
Anyways,
um,
she wasn't a woman,
she was a child and so was I,
you know,
when I look back at it,
if I could fucking just had a little more head movement and I went for a single
leg takedown,
you know what I mean?
I think I could have had her,
but you know,
that shit was not mainstream back then.
So,
uh,
you know,
I didn't get the underhooks going and there was no way to get the triangle go in
with the,
uh,
the figure four leg lock.
So I lost that one there.
Um,
so anyways,
I watched the whole fucking fight night,
uh,
UFC two oh two,
I got a fucking,
I got a fucking pocket square for each one of my fucking suits.
Um,
yeah.
Okay.
There was some guy dress like a cowboy.
I remember that he came down like he looked like he was from the outback.
Like the second you saw this guy,
you were like,
this guy just does not give a fuck.
And He,
he fought a guy.
This is why I have such a respect for fighters.
He fights this fucking kid who started off as a wrestler in college.
He lost his first 17 matches.
Yeah.
You know.
Okay.
Jesus.
I would have been crying after three.
This dude lost 17 in a row is a freshmen and stuck with it.
By the time he was like a senior,
he was like some finalists and some national thing.
It's fucking of these,
these,
I'm telling you,
it's fucking amazing,
right.
I'm trying to think of like a,
a more fat ass fucking sport and the only thing I can come up with is that
fucking tt race in the Isle of man where those guys ride like 200 miles an hour
through the fucking woods on Ninjas and shit.
Like every,
like three,
four years.
Like somebody dies.
It's fucking,
I'm,
but like somebody died like 2014 the the guy hit a house.
Okay.
Just don't like fucking,
I don't know how,
I don't know how fast he was going,
but he went up over a hill and landed on his front wheel and he was going right
to the fucking house and then that was it over.
Um,
and there's a bunch of people standing there.
Okay.
It's incredible.
So I saw that.
I was just like,
Jesus,
Dennis,
I tell jokes for 11,
that's like kind of pathetic when you,
when you look at it now.
Anyways,
so this fucking,
this cowboy dude comes in,
right?
He fights his kid who just has no quit in them.
Right.
He lost his first 17 matches and now he's in the fucking UFC.
Yeah.
And he fucking beat this kid.
Like it was one of the sickest anybody who was like,
Ooh,
look books and better than UFC.
You got to see the way knocked this guy out.
If you can't appreciate
you fucking jabs him in the face.
And in the moment when he closes his eyes,
this guy fucking drops down two floors,
like a fucking cat,
you know,
and then punches him in his stomach.
And the dude's like,
what the fuck?
He leans to the right.
That guy throws this fucking Kaaba guy,
throws a left talk,
and as his fucking head goes over to the right,
he fucking boots I'm in the face.
It was like matrix level fighting,
except it was fucking real unbelievable.
Um,
I couldn't be the fucking fifth grade girl.
I mean,
it's just,
it's so humbling to watch one of these events.
So then the next fight,
this guy who just goes by rumble,
right?
Okay.
He's standing there,
this giant shredded black dude and he's just sort of adjusting the gloves as he
was standing there.
It was so intimidating.
I just started laughing and without even thinking,
I just laughed and said,
what the fuck do you do with that?
And uh,
according to the one fight I've seen him fight,
evidently nothing.
This guy fucking,
he redefined the right there.
Fred.
He fucking came out.
The other guys doing a little,
yeah.
Ooh.
Couple of fucking little,
I don't know what the fuck.
Ain't know what he did.
Okay.
It was a couple of little,
a little,
little fucking little,
I don't know what the fuck he call them.
Little flurries back and forth,
and then he kind of just reached out,
grabbed the guy by the back of his head or his shoulder and said like,
hey,
you know,
I,
I want to talk to you for a second.
Like,
uh,
what's his face in fucking Beverly hills cop when he kills Eddie Murphy's friend
Jonathan Bags,
Jonathan Banks.
Remember when eg grabs it going,
like he just puts his arm around him like,
hey man,
do you ever,
I mean,
have I fucked up?
I'm sorry.
And he just fucking,
he gives them to buy and they the fuck in here.
That's what he did with this guy.
He just fucking,
he's just sort of reached out,
grabbed them and then just this fucking uppercut fucking plan over fucking over
the right there.
Fred,
you know,
what's a great thing?
If you still have it recorded,
you got to see Bruce buffer his face.
It's the fucking greatest reaction ever.
He's sitting on this side.
That's what I like about it.
When you watched the knockouts in slow motion,
you can sometimes see Rogan or somebody just the,
their jaws down like on the floor.
Just,
it's one of the sick knockouts I've ever seen.
And then,
uh,
I dunno,
I know there's a couple of hours.
I was pretty fucking jet lag.
And then of course I woke up.
Conor McGregor comes out,
right?
Nate Diaz,
and I'm not going to lie to you,
I was rooting for Nate.
All right.
I like nick.
You know what I mean?
But I also knew when he went in there that there was the only fucking way he was
gonna win that fight was if he knocked him out.
T K O got him to tap a choked him out.
That's the only fucking way for cause at the end of the day,
it's a fucking business.
It's a fucking business.
Okay.
And nobody makes them money like Conor McGregor when he comes fung,
I got off,
fuck it.
Pair of shoes that batch every pocket.
So when he starts fucking going off and all the money's got coming in there
looking like 1 million bucks and they'll knows fucking Irish guys.
So
that's the sound of fucking billions of dollars.
Just raining down on the UFC.
You got an,
you got to knock the guy out or it's fucking over.
So the fucking fight stock,
he starts kicking Nate and the fucking leg,
every one of those.
I was just going that with that I would quit.
I would quit again.
I would,
I would write an apology to his entire family for stepping into the fucking,
and Nate's just,
you know,
taking you in the back of his fucking leg is getting bruised up.
It's fucking brutal.
Just the sound of it,
right?
Anybody else have an older brother and he just laid on the couch and you're
watching a deputy dog or some shit.
He just comes over and just punches you.
He's not a pro.
He's just your asshole older brother.
And he punches you in the side of the leg there.
Well,
that was it.
Your Day was over.
This guy's taking a professional foot to the fucking leg like 50 times.
It seemed in the first round anyways,
he got like knocked down like one or two times at first round.
So obviously he loses that one all right there it gets not down in the second
round.
And this is how I saw the fight and this is somebody who is not ever had a
professional fight and lost his last amateur bout in the seventh grade and got
beat up by a girl in the third grade.
So you know that you have to take what I'm saying.
Seriously.
I thought from the second half.
Yeah.
Of the uh,
second round,
halfway through the second round is most people say to the end of the fight.
I mean,
I thought he pretty much,
Nate pretty much
won the fight.
You know,
it's,
the problem was he got knocked down the first half of the second round,
so you're going to lose that round.
All right.
But he definitely won round three.
I thought he went round forward.
I thought halfway from round forward to the end of round five.
Conor McGregor was going for like this country stroll and kept looking at the
fucking clock and his mouth was hanging open and Nate just kept coming.
I mean,
one point he would like,
he was walking away for like the 10th time and Nate's like giving him the finger
and shit.
Like,
what the fuck are you going?
Um,
but I don't know,
the end of the day Nate was bleeding like a fucking civ.
I think a lot of that's just because he's got all that scar tissue and shit.
He always sends a bleeding.
But the fucking guys like a maniac.
The more he bleeds,
the more you find,
the more you,
you can't kill it.
He starts,
he moves forward.
He just keeps going forward.
So I dunno,
I would've been surprised beyond,
even though it was for Nate,
if they actually said Nate won the fight,
I would've been shocked if they gave it to him.
Um,
because he did get knocked down three times.
And also Conor McGregor makes them all that fucking money.
And,
but when they gave it to con or else it didn't feel right,
you know,
and,
and you know something kind of talk shit afterwards he goes,
surprise,
the fucking king is back or some shit.
It's like now,
now,
now you looked a little nervous when they went to the judges.
You did not look confident.
What's so fucking ever so don't,
don't fucking do that shit now.
So unbelievable fucking fight.
This is something he knows nothing about.
Funny.
But I know when I see an unbelievable fight,
so thank you to both of them and I can't wait for the fucking third one.
Um,
you know it's funny,
I watched the whole thing when my wife was like sleeping and shit
and she like,
she was so,
I was so,
I couldn't really like yelling shit.
And um,
okay.
I remember laughing my ass off so many fucking times.
It was so many funny moments in that like when they were waiting for the
decision
and you said,
you said Nate goes,
it goes,
I won that Shit,
mother fuckers.
Okay.
Fucking guys the best.
Right.
And then I like when when the rumble guy won and he said,
hey,
I want to fight you next.
And they cut to the champion,
right?
And everybody bows them and they do the whole thing on ice champion everything.
And when I first saw him,
I was like,
is that Rondell Sheridan?
Did he make it as a comedian and get bored?
And now he's dominating the,
the fucking UFC.
They went on him so quickly and then they cut back.
Oh,
that's not Rondell Sheridan.
And um,
okay.
And when I saw the guy who was the champion,
of course,
I don't know his fucking name either.
What was hilarious to me is I found like the one disadvantage of having a black
belt in mixed martial arts is you're so good at fighting.
Everyone around you is too scared to say your button.
Too many buttons up.
I don't know.
It's like the guy never wore fucking izod before.
It's like,
dude,
what are you doing?
I never seen that many buttons on a Polo shirt and this son of a bitch,
he fuck,
he been the bomb.
You know,
that's how he got his black belt.
He didn't quit it.
The fucking yellow belt.
This guy kept going and you know what he,
he applied the same things that he learned.
What?
He went up the martial arts ladder with those buttons.
He goes,
I'm not stopping at the ground floor.
I'm taking this to the end.
How many buttons are there?
I'm going to fucking button all of them.
God dammit he did it.
Okay.
All right.
I think I'm done with this whole fucking thing here.
Pet peeves of the UFC.
Alright.
Pet peeves is when they cut to actors in the crowd and they ball up their fists
like their fighters.
It's like,
dude,
we get it.
You're at a fight.
What do you do?
What if you had a baseball game?
Would you mind mine?
Like being at Bat,
I hate when people do shit like that.
Especially if you're not a professional fighter.
Stop.
Stop balling up.
You fuck.
Oh,
if you played a fighter in a movie and you start balling up your fist,
what are,
what are you doing?
You know,
I swear to God,
if I'm ever lucky enough to get close enough and if I ever get big enough that
they put the camera on me,
I'm going to keep it real and I'm not going to ball up my fist.
I'm going to imitate a ringer
rolling.
I'm going to blow a kiss and do that stupid little hard thing that they do and
that's going to be it.
I'm going to do a little wave,
you know,
representing.
Um,
it is always funny too,
when they,
when they cut to somebody too.
Did you see when they cut to Kanye West?
That's the funniest shit ever.
There's nothing more humbling if you think you're a fucking the,
you're the shit if you go to a professional fight.
Did you see the attorneys trying to smile and the camera's on him?
You could see his fucking brain turn it going.
And after watching the fucking Nate Diaz,
Conor Mcgregor fucking epic fight that it was right.
That should have been a movie.
It was such a great fight.
And then they cut to Kanye west and the smile on his face,
you could see is his brain.
It was turning to just go on and,
and,
and why,
why do I talk so much shit
again on stage with a leather kilt and I rhyme stuff.
He's fucking guy's a gladiator's,
right?
Um,
any theirs.
And I'm telling you,
almost every UFC that I've ever seen,
there's always that guy.
They always cut to somebody in the crowd that's usually talking shit.
And they try to smile their way through it and that they can't.
You see it.
It's undeniable.
Um,
anyways,
I don't know what the fuck I'm talking about.
I got a couple of advertising things.
I have to,
uh,
I got to fucking read here at this point.
I'm calling him a Greg and I got a fucking shiny suit.
I got a pair of shoes.
I got a whole fucking closet full of shiny suit and I got a pair of walking
shoes to match all of them.
You're going to do fucking nothing.
That's one of the great fucking lines ever.
When Nate was yelling at him,
St Bloke,
and he goes,
you're going to do fucking nothing.
I would love to be able to say that to another man and fucking really believe it
because in the,
no matter how hard I said at the back of my head,
hey,
you know he's,
he's definitely going to get you a lot,
Bill.
I mean,
you gotta who's getting it?
You've got a huge head.
All right.
That's a big target.
It's hard to miss.
All right.
Do you think,
uh,
what's his face ever spark?
Ted Kennedy,
his giant fucking squash.
I would tell you that time I fucking met him.
Well,
too bad.
I'm not going to tell you.
Oh,
come on with the fucking password.
It's my computer at this point.
You know.
Can't you just fucking Kathy,
Kathy Illuminati.
Look at me through the fucking camera at this point.
Come on,
password.
Bam.
There we go.
All right.
Where were you when I need you?
You were sucking fucking Dick.
All right.
Um,
oh,
here we go.
Oh Shit.
The reeds for this week club.
Debbie club.
Debbie,
I never had to.
My Dad,
who was a millionaire club w delivers wine straight to your door.
Uh,
they send you what that is personalized to your palate.
Taste through our pallet quiz.
The recommendations become even more personalized with every bottle you rate
club dubby club.
Have you ever had to have my last September when I was drinking then I had Deb.
We're going to bail me now I've got a patch license.
No,
that was my dad.
I saw her as I'm drinking
works with top wine makers and growers from around the world directly to make
their own wine.
You choose the type and quality of bottles with no membership fee or
cancellation fee and 100% satisfaction guarantee.
There are $13 dollar bottles would normally retail for 20 bucks.
Right now when you go to club,
Debbie,
I,
I have to try to keep my daddy Schwab guy killed him.
Is offering listeners $20 off your first order when you go to club Debbie,
a Dotcom.
Slash.
Burn.
It gets even better.
I know y'all hate paying for shipping.
We all know he hate that shit.
So a club.
Damn.
Yes.
Do you live in Texas?
Will actually pay for your shipping on orders of four bottles or more.
So take something off your to do list.
Just go to club W.
Dot com slash
to get $20 off your first order.
Now that's club w.
Dot com slash burr.
You fucking booze bag.
All right.
Track her.
Smart cars.
Smart phones,
smart harms.
Fucking shit.
This sounds amazing.
Technology has made everything wicked spot,
but losing your stuff is making smart people feel wicked.
Stupid tracker makes losing things a thing of the past.
Dube track is a coin size device that locates misplaced keys,
wallets,
bags,
computers,
fucking bottle openers,
right?
Oh be,
where's the fucking bottle opener?
Don't use the counter.
You're fucking hacking it up,
kid.
Anything in seconds.
Just pair track.
He is smartphone.
Attach it to anything and find his precise location with the tap of a button.
It's that easy.
Lose your phone.
Ah,
you just press on tracker and there it is.
it was in your back pocket.
You dumb fuck.
And your phone rings even when it's on silent.
Isn't that scary with over 1.5 million devices.
Tracker has the largest crowd gps network in the world.
So your item shows up on a map even when it's miles.
Yeah,
away
never lose anything again with tracker.
So as long as you drink within a two hour radius of your fucking house,
you can always find your phone unless somebody steals it and they get outside
that radius and then you know what you have.
You have a screenplay,
then you get that fucking guy who they always attack his family and he's coming
to kill him.
Right?
He touched my family.
I want to fucking kill you.
I got a fork and shy and you shoot and I'm going to bury you in it and you won't
be wearing off fucking pair of shoes.
All right,
with a one point important 0.5 over 1.5 million devices tracker has the largest
crowd gps network in the world.
So you're lost items show up on a map,
even if it's miles away.
Tracker,
never lose anything.
Again,
listeners to this show,
to this show only.
No,
that's not true to any fucking show that the advertisement,
special offer of 30 off.
Do you ever read tire order?
Go to the spelled t,
h e t r a C K e r.com,
the tracker.com and enter the Promo Code Burr.
The hardest thing you'll ever have to find it is their website.
Go to [inaudible] dot com right now and enter the Promo code birth for 30% off
your entire order.
Again,
Jesus fucking Christ.
That's tracker.com Promo Code Burn.
How many fucking times?
All right.
That is the Thursday afternoon podcasts.
Um,
once again,
thank you to everybody in Italy,
uh,
for treating me and my wife's a wonderfully,
my condolences to,
uh,
everybody trapped in that fucking rub over there.
There's the scariest shit ever.
Scariest fucking shit ever.
Okay.
I can't,
can't even fucking imagine that every time they shoot the show,
the footage of that,
it's just like,
for fuck's sakes,
just put the number up already.
Okay.
So I could donate something,
you know,
and then you got to worry that some cons going to take that money instead of
helping the people out of the fucking rumble.
He's going to go by himself as scooter.
We can't end on some sad shit like that.
Do you guys remember Eddie Grant?
This is how much jet lag I've had.
I just went down this eighties rabbit hole.
What it happen in that fucking guy that guy had like,
okay,
out in the streets there is violence and now there are a lot of built we can't
listen to anymore.
You're singing all right,
whatever.
I'll sing to myself on the fucking elliptical.
So I tried to look less like a fucking snowman.
Jesus Christ.
What happened to me?
I was doing so well.
How bill,
you know what you did.
You know what you did is you ate a bunch of shitty food for days upon end,
you got fat the same way everybody gets fat and now you're trying to act like
you don't understand how it happened.
Okay?
Like you weren't there when it went,
when it went down,
you reached out.
You could have grabbed an apple,
you could have had a banana,
you could have got a salad and you reach right past those.
He went to the fucking whatever the fuck you wait.
Okay.
Goddamn dope.
All right.
That's it.
That's the pie.
Okay.
Whatever.
All right,
here's some music.
Okay.
I don't know what it's going to be.
I know.
I'm sure if somebody is going to like it,
somebody else's going to complain about it,
but I can tell you this right now.
I,
I don't give a shit.
Okay.
I'm tired of jet lagged.
I'm catching a cold and I'm fat.
All right.
That's,
that's the report here.
Reporting live from the Thursday afternoon podcasts and joy.
The greatest hits from a yesteryear and a podcast gone by.
Go fuck yourselves.
Your cuts.
I'll talk to you on Monday.
Have a nice weekend.
Oh Jesus.
What do you check?
Is it TV is don't wait to
put sad
no motherfucking ticket night.
Oh,
by the fucking way.
Not by the way people.
This is by the fucking way,
which you know that I'm about ready to tell you some shit that I believe in
baby.
Uh,
I'm at,
I'm at Logan Airport,
Edward Lawrence Logan Airport.
I finally learned that,
but Logan Airport has a,
as named after Eddie Lawrence Logan,
there was some sort of fucking a military person who fought in the Spanish
American war and that they used to have a statue of him before they had to make
the airport even bigger because people are fucked it,
you know,
so I go there,
okay.
And I go through security and they got the giant fucking microwave.
They want me to stand in with my legs spread doing the Jay z symbol.
Right.
Well,
the Sammy Hagar from the 51 50 tour,
depending on what generation you are,
a business,
depending on what side of the tracks you from.
All right.
This podcast is for everybody.
Um,
I'm sure someone in the village people did it there.
You see that reached out to the gay community swell guy.
Pat Myself on the back here.
So anyways,
I say I'm not fucking,
you know,
I'm opting out.
All right,
sir.
Can you go stand over there?
I didn't even like standing over there.
I used to work in a fucking dental office when I would take an x ray,
somebody's tooth,
one little fucking thing.
And we put that camera right up to the side of the jaw week,
put a led vest,
all their vitals right down to their dick or who ha.
And then I left the fucking room,
stood behind a wall that had lead in it,
and I pressed the fucking button.
Now I'm supposed to stand there.
You know,
like I'm just going into prison.
They do everything,
but you have your bend over and spread your fucking ass cheeks.
I'm like,
I'm not fucking doing it.
And I know what people are saying.
Well Bill,
you talk on his cell phone,
right?
That's fucking radiation.
You fly in an airplane,
right?
That's fucking radiation.
I understand that.
I am getting radiated throughout the course of the day in the way I live my
life.
I understand that.
Okay.
But I don't need to get extra radiated.
So if there's a way to opt out,
believe me,
if there was a way to opt out of flying on a fucking airplane,
a viable way,
aside from just saying,
fuck this business,
I'm going to buy an old bus and just drive around and that'll be my miserable
life,
I would do it.
But the fact that I can just stand there for an extra five,
10,
15 fucking minutes,
you know,
and rather than stand in that microwave,
I could just go over and just have some,
you know,
sort of cute male person,
pat down my ass with the back of his hands.
Do you have pretty sensitive areas?
Uh,
I would much rather do that.
Okay.
And then,
you know,
people giving me shit about it,
saying it's stupid,
it's fucking pointless and blah,
blah,
blah.
Well,
so anyway,
anyways,
I met Eddie Lawrence,
Logan Airport,
Edward Lawrence,
and um,
I'm standing there,
I'm waiting,
you know,
and whenever you want to get fucking patted down,
they wait for fucking ever.
They'd make it take extra long.
I'm convinced that they do it just so you just say,
fuck it.
I'm going to go into the toaster.
All right.
But I don't give a shit.
I was get to the airport early because I know the game that they're running over
there.
Oh,
the lovely Nia.
Everybody.
Oh,
are you?
Come over here talking to the microphone.
How you'd been,
we couldn't hear you last week.
Oh,
I've been great.
Thanks for asking.
Great to be back.
Are you reading from a script?
Oh,
who just woke up?
I am great.
Thank you for harassing.
Where's the Real Nia?
Who is a sexy robot that was replaced?
Listen to this shit.
I'm telling this story about,
you know,
I always opt out of doing the Jay z thing where they radiate everything,
but you fucking taint at the airport.
Yeah.
You know,
you fucking,
you have your hands like the whole sign.
Isn't that what it is?
Yeah.
So,
um,
I'm standing there waiting,
right?
And I'm staring down some baldheaded Douche.
Who knows?
First of all,
they always have some chick there and she just goes,
you know,
what are they,
what do they say?
A male.
Oh,
what is it?
What they say,
male pat down or whatever they say,
male support.
I'll five.
Whatever the fuck they say,
and it's typical chick voice where it,
it can,
it can only carry you guys aren't good at yelling.
Yes we are.
Yeah.
No one hears it.
All right,
go ahead.
You know I've got the microphone away.
Yell male support aisle for yell at.
I want to hear it.
I wanna hear it.
That's good.
That has a sense of fucking urgency.
All right then.
You know what?
They don't put their fucking heart in it.
They just go a mail pack down house screaming like there's something going down
or whatever.
But you got to communicate.
You've got to communicate to those bald fatties guys down there.
We're going to put the back of their hands on my ash there.
They don't,
they don't get it.
They have a whole little system that they're talking to each other that you was
fucking side.
He want here,
not yours obviously.
All right,
well listen to this shit.
Listen to this shit.
Let me,
let me get to the point.
Hey,
go get timeout.
Timeout.
Get another microphone.
Hang on a second.
We're actually going to pause the podcast part of the podcast.
All right,
so the magic of hitting pause or something I never do on this thing.
Actually hit pause there.
Uh,
so anyways,
this is the deal.
So I'm going through security after all these people
kill me.
Laguna,
you're already getting rid of the itching anyways man.
So why not stand there and have literally have your entire body budget tank lit
up,
right?
So fucking standing there and this lady is going to,
you know,
and I'm like,
they're not hearing you.
They're not here.
And then she goes,
circuit.
You stand over.
There I go.
I'm going to stand right in and you'd watch my wallet.
Okay,
you can stand right there.
All right.
So anyways,
this fucking,
this Asian kid comes up.
Fat Asian Kid,
one of the rare ones.
Why?
Like like,
like,
like a white elephant.
Why is that relevant?
Because AGP great shape.
They eat great.
I don't know what it is.
There were fucking awesome shape there.
And every once in awhile you see one,
you see a fat Asian,
you're like,
Holy Shit.
Right?
I don't mean like he's a fucking did it on purpose to sumo wrestle.
This is just a fact.
Sumo,
sumo,
Samoan,
whatever the fuck it is.
This fat Asian kid comes up and relevant to the story,
but it is for the comedy.
It is.
Oh,
I see.
All right.
Sorry.
Come on.
Listen,
I trashed waspy fucking white people on this.
Oh,
you did?
Did you talk about Nantucket?
Yes I did.
Oh boy.
Yeah.
See you just hate him and it's crawling hate anybody I don't have hate in my
heart.
All right,
shut up.
Listen.
So this,
this,
this person.
This fat kid comes up.
All right.
And The lady and the Lady's,
cause he couldn't even,
here he goes.
He's like,
what it,
hey.
He's like,
what?
And I want to be like,
how old are you?
That's what the fuck she's trying to say.
And he goes 13 and she goes,
all right,
come over here.
And she had him go through the old school one.
Yeah.
So basically you want me to stand in something that could kill a 13 year old.
That's what the fuck I'm supposed to do.
He know I'm the white weight on the way out on the way back twice,
two times,
two times that.
Four Times a month I'm going to stand in this thing that can kill a 13 year old.
I'm sure I can't kill it.
Maybe like can affect his like um,
puberty or his growth or something.
I think women sucked his dick.
I have a dick to what?
Cause my Dick's all down.
You're taking old 30 grown your ball.
They're like down between your knees cubes.
No one that cares about it anymore.
Like it's just kinda like out of commission.
I think women can avoid that full body thing by saying that they're pregnant and
they won't let you go.
They won't make you go in there if you say that you're pregnant.
Women always have the,
I'm just a girl excuse.
That's the girl things that guys have to do.
But stick with the thing here.
If that fucking thing.
How old are you?
13 get over here at him from getting like chest hair or something.
But you,
yeah,
you're old.
Like they don't care about you.
It's the youth of tomorrow that we're concerned about.
Oh,
there you go.
I sat there and I,
I man,
I almost,
I'm not even a,
it's,
this isn't about me whether I feel like I'm older,
not,
I know I'm old.
I'm talking about submarine bed.
Um,
I almost high five myself.
I actually,
I burst out laughing,
extra laughed cause I wanted fucking marry mumbles to be like,
Eh,
it Mary mumble.
Yeah.
What are you laughing at?
I'm laughing cause I'm doing the right thing.
If that fucking thing isn't safe for a God damn 30,
I could see if it was a bit and making some little baby crawls through there.
It's a fucking kid.
Probably knows more about computers than I do and they like,
yeah,
no,
don't think so.
Come over here.
[inaudible]
what's going on the
Monday morning
and once again,
I am in an airport
on my way to a is a big week for me.
This is the week leading up to my,
uh,
to my standup special,
which will be this Sunday night,
August 31st on a comedy central.
I can tell I'm reaching for ship,
even order set,
when you're talking to somebody on the phone,
you can tell if they're talking to you as a talk and give their looking around
their desk,
you know,
you're talking to them and then they get there.
They start doing a sentence like I'm doing right now or it takes a real long
time to say it.
Um,
Jesus Christ.
What the announcements.
Um,
anyways,
yeah.
So this is what I got going on this week.
If any of you podcast's listeners actually have a radio,
um,
I'm going to be doing a ton of radio this week and um,
why don't we just start this whole fucking thing over again?
This is unreal.
I think I'm in the crossroads here.
Okay,
great.
Number six,
it 1130.
Now the guy with the deep voice is waiting.
It's going to be his turn in a second.
We got it.
And it's a small jet,
a small jet.
So if you have a role on you must check it.
That's what's going to be mean about fucking 45 minutes.
Um,
I like those little jets.
I don't mind.
They don't bug me.
Um,
anyways.
Uh,
yeah.
So this week coming up,
um,
shoes can see in the top of my myspace page.
My one hour stand up special.
Geez.
Good Lord.
Okay.
All right.
Anyways,
just ridiculous.
What are the 10 flights leaving at the same time?
Oh,
Jesus.
Danny,
where are you?
Um,
all right,
let's try it again.
Okay.
I have a my one hour stand up special coming out.
It's like getting heckled.
Who is talking?
Okay,
here we go.
I have my one hour standup special this Sunday,
August 31st at 11:00 PM on comedy central called,
why do I do this?
Please watch it if you get a chance.
Okay.
And this week leading up,
I'm going to be doing a bunch of media.
So if you have a radio in your car or whatever and you want to listen to me tap
dance,
I got some big radio shows coming up tomorrow.
I'm going to be on the Bob and Tom Show.
Uh,
I dunno.
I mean those guys are all over the country,
so I don't know when it's coming on.
Whenever the Bob and Tom Show comes on,
I'm gonna be on that show tomorrow.
And then I fly in to New York and later on that afternoon I'm going to be on
Sirius satellite radio and it's going to be a,
I'm going to be on the Jim Breuer Breuer unleashed the p Ellie Lenny market and
all those guys at five o'clock east coast time.
And then right after that show,
I'm doing one hour of my own hype for my special this Sunday on Sirius satellite
radio.
And that will be,
uh,
from six to 7:00 PM and I believe Joe to Rosie over there is going to be my
cohost,
going to be hyper,
my special joking around.
And if you want informed fans,
my radio show with Joe to Rosa,
we're back on the merger went through.
So shit is cool again over there.
So we're going to be taken one this August 31st.
Actually the day when my special comes up.
Jesus Christ,
so I might as well read you the rest of this stuff.
You want to hear what it's like.
This is my first ever media blitz on a
Wednesday,
I guess I'm doing a
Oh yeah.
They set up these ds radio tours where they just set up like,
you know,
20 radio stations for you to call in and really quickly you just do them one
after another 15 minutes.
You try to be funny.
I want to be doing Waf and Boston,
Worcester,
Boston as they say,
the Hillman morning show,
w nnx the regular guys and Atlanta.
I love those guys.
Had a great time with them.
Uh,
there'll be an age eight 50 I'll be doing Dudley and Bob Austin,
Texas,
which is cool cause I'm going to be there in October,
the dawn patrol,
Cincinnati,
Ohio at nine 10 Sherman and tingle at a in Chicago
Gomez and Dave and Syracuse.
I guess you got to have two people on every show,
frick and frack doing when Mike in the morning,
Detroit
stand up,
sit down.
John boy and Billy big show.
The fuck is that Charlotte North Carolina
Stash in Baltimore.
Jesus Christ.
All right.
And then on Thursday I'll be doing the OPN Anthony show.
Totally psyched to be back.
Oh Man,
I got to trash me.
It's not fucking west coast.
I am.
I'm totally stoked,
man.
To be on the OPA.
He show,
uh,
7:00 AM on Thursday
and a opie and Anthony Again,
7:00 AM on Friday.
And I think,
uh,
some more serious satellite shows,
but I'd dug just realizing this is getting fucking born.
I'm doing a bunch of radio.
Okay.
That's what I'm doing.
So anyways,
if you new to my page,
this is what I do.
I do podcasts once a week on Monday.
I try to be funny,
give people something to laugh above the first day of work.
And I actually got a nice email from somebody reminding me to let you guys know
that you can actually subscribe to this podcast on iTunes.
I'm,
I keep her,
I've never said that,
I don't think,
but you can subscribe to it.
And a,
this person says you don't have to read this out loud,
but I love the podcast and subscribe on Itunes for probably a year now.
Um,
I listened to it every Monday at the gym.
I think that's really cool.
So does that mean you're listening right now,
you're on the treadmill,
you're on the elliptical.
Is there a some really sweaty,
hairy person to the right of you?
You know those Robin William Forums and no matter how far away you get from
them,
that arm hair,
sweat somehow still hits you.
You haven't had that.
You have a gun like played like fucking uh,
he played one on one pickup basketball.
There's always that other guy and the other team that just sweats profusely.
Oh wait a minute.
They all right.
They actually did that.
They did a skit on that,
didn't they?
In the cable guy,
which I think is a very underrated movie.
And if you want to talk about overrated,
I saw tropic thunder.
I don't know what the big fucking deal was about that movie,
but Jesus Christ,
just a regular movie.
You don't want to think it was,
I think it was because it had so many inside and the industry was so excited
that they understood the jokes that they were like extra laughing.
I see that every once in a while.
I was talking about that with Joe to Rosa this morning.
How it's so much.
Sometimes you go into these,
uh,
these comedy clubs and a comedian,
I'll make a joke that's really inside and then there's always that comic at the
back of the club has got to be like,
ah Ha.
Ah Ha ha ha.
They're not even laughing.
They might want to be like,
I get it.
I'm in the loop.
But,
uh,
that's what I felt like that movie was it just a,
I don't know.
I don't know what the big fucking deal was.
First of all,
that movie was about 20 years too late.
They should have made that movie in 1988 when everyone was going to go see those
movies,
you know?
Um,
but for me just being a little comfy movie reviewer here and whatever,
you know what I mean?
I shouldn't,
I should get mad at them.
They just tried to make a funny movie,
but everybody else told me it was awesome.
All right.
I just tried to talk over that guy on the speaker and I immediately became a
loud guy on the cell phone and some lady just shot me a look.
So I'm not to bring it down to my,
uh,
my bill burr in the evening.
Late night DJ voice here.
All right,
let's get to the podcast questions here before I get on my,
uh,
what I like to consider my private jet.
I'm actually flying US air and uh,
for those of you don't travel USA was the Danny Baldwin of airlines.
You know what I mean?
It's a reputable airline but just doesn't really,
it doesn't get a lot of big parts,
you know what I mean?
It was good and trees lounge,
but a
us,
there's just one of those like,
you know,
like,
uh,
remember that Sitcom like Caroline in the city where it was just one of those
shows that was just on for like fucking eight years and he had no idea why and
you'd forget that it existed.
And then every once in a while you'd be home on a Friday night going through a
breakup or something.
And all of a sudden you click through and they would be Caroline in the city and
you just think like,
really,
they're,
they're still making these things.
That's,
that's what US Airways is.
I've got US airways.
Like,
you know,
I just thought that they did that they were tired,
you know what I mean?
Like they went in the Poconos or,
uh,
whatever the word.
What's up with the fucking said that.
What's that circuit that all those Jewish comics used to play in upstate New
York?
You know what I'm talking about?
Or is it in Pennsylvania?
I never did the Borscht belt.
I thought USA US airways was like hanging out with TWA and Eastern Airlines.
You guys old like me.
Do you,
do you remember Eastern Airlines back when,
when airlines,
airlines had specific routes,
they had dominance and uh,
this is,
this is pretty,
before they broke up,
the monopoly of what they consider to be a monopoly was back in the day.
They used to have.
Uh,
they used to just like if you were,
if you weren't living on the east coast and you wish you knew were going to
Disneyland or Disney world,
I guess that's the one that Florida get.
Her only option was eastern airlines or you jumped in a station wagon with wood
paneling.
There was no internet.
I think you could take a pesto on the plane to do,
you just have in your pocket and as long as you didn't wave it around,
no one gave a fuck.
Like,
I mean there were no metal detectors like in the late sixties if you can believe
that.
Like you could literally just walk right up to the ticketing agent with your
briefcase,
you know what I mean?
Oh,
those were the days I missed out on him though.
He could bang the stewards and stewardesses were actually hot and you could
actually call them stewardesses.
All right.
There's a woman with a tank top on.
I just caught her smelling her armpit and then the inside of her white feeder.
And it's funny because she was standing behind me online and I was like,
I mean,
she's just looking like the all American girl,
right.
But she also has boots on,
so she was a little slutty.
So it's like perfect.
She'd be a great mom and a,
maybe she takes it in the age.
So I usually don't,
I usually don't go for those.
You don't go for the blue humor,
but,
uh,
I just kind of ruined her for me on some level.
Not really.
You know what I mean?
Just saying on a first date,
one of those first,
uh,
you know,
imaginary dates that I'm having with the right now as I sit across from her.
I didn't,
I didn't need to see that.
You know what I mean?
Now she's probably going to order the fucking lobster and she's really gonna
Piss me off.
Um,
anyways,
I was actually talking about something interesting in the,
Oh yeah,
back in the day.
Yeah,
you could,
you could bang the stewardesses,
you could call them stewardesses and poem.
Poland.
They touch,
you know,
drinking was acceptable.
You could fucking smoke cigarettes.
I don't even smoke.
It's just something funny about that,
like everything was seemed to be like a lounge in the late sixties early
seventies you know what I mean?
The goddamn free for all.
It's pre herpes pre aids.
That's something you need it.
You need,
you needed a bottle of Jack and a and some penicillin and you in a briefcase and
you were good to go.
I think I might have talked about this on a,
on a on a previous podcast,
but back in the day Pan Am airlines.
I feel like I'm talking about old rock groups,
grand funk,
railroad,
airlines,
Pan Am airlines.
Back in the day when you flew first class into New York City,
the metlife building used to be called the Pan Am building.
I think I knew I already told this story,
but just for people who are new,
bear with me.
He used to fly in first class.
You've landed JFK,
you got off,
you got on a helicopter and then you flew in a helicopter to the top of the Pan
Am building in Manhattan and then you got out like fucking James Bond.
You took the elevator down,
jumped in a cab and,
and,
and you went back,
you know,
you to your hotel,
probably at least one other stewards.
Those were the Goddamn days.
Those were the days.
You know what I mean?
Those big ass fucking cars,
people used to drive to damn damn.
You know,
I help them when they come in with,
with hydrogen or whatever the new energy is.
I hope they go back to big cars because if you're not polluting the environment,
there's no reason not to have a trunk that you could put Billy Batson.
You know what I'm saying?
All right.
That's my little fucking,
if editorial for the week,
let's get onto the podcast questions.
Shall We?
All right.
Question number one.
Bill,
did you ever have any car trouble when you used to drive from Gig to Gig?
Yeah,
I did.
I used to,
I drove an 83 Ford Ranger and um,
it had it,
it had overheating issues and I uh,
I learned a lot about how to fix cars back then cause I basically,
it had a four cylinder,
you know,
no computer chip,
you know what I mean?
Back in the day you had to be a moron not to,
not to know how to do like basic stuff.
And the engine was also,
you know,
was,
was facing forward.
There wasn't sitting sideways like some slot on a horse trying to pretend like
she hasn't banged everybody on the prairie.
Um,
it was,
it was faced front to back.
So everything was really was really easy to get to.
Even with a four cylinder,
there was enough room,
distributor cap was right there.
And uh,
yeah,
I had to,
uh,
I never missed a gig though.
I never missed a Gig,
but I definitely had to drive with the heat on.
You remember doing that?
You'd drive it like 50 miles an hour.
I had black vinyl seats.
Picture that.
There's a,
there's a picture for you,
right?
A redhead wearing jeans and a and is,
I'm going to kill on stage shirt with black vinyl seats.
Um,
with my watching the needle go up and I had to,
uh,
I'm sorry,
I just got distracted cause there's some little baby was the creepiest looking
stuffed little doll I've ever seen in my life.
It looks like one of,
ah,
fuck.
What is the name of that movie?
Let's hit Sarah Jessica Parker movie for the kids.
Eyes were all wide.
That's what the dog looks like.
Why don't I keep thinking that movie's called Gotcha.
Gatica it doesn't begin with the g
the chip.
It's the something,
the job,
not that [inaudible] Dennis leary show.
Uh,
what the fuck is it?
The,
it's the something and it begins with a g,
right?
God dammit.
That would have been great if I just had that reference at the top of my head.
I could just fucking blow right it,
but I didn't.
So anyways,
you know what,
actually that brought up a memory too of driving over to Dane Cook's house way
back in the day with my drum kit in the back as he played guitar to go play some
green day and something else.
Who else was big back then?
It was like 94.
Who's the guys who sang that song?
Uh,
pretty fly for a white guy.
We didn't play that song but it was another son.
It was just a horrific set list and we had a great time,
but I had to drive over to his house with the fucking heat on.
Um,
and I was probably listening to Alison Change Jar flies.
There you go.
There's my pre Kurt Cobain killing himself memory.
Well that might've been post April 94.
Who knows.
All right.
Um,
somebody asked me another question.
Was the micro bigly a incident at the last ONA show?
The confirmation that comedians need to forever stay away from those events?
Uh,
what did you say to Mike when he called you about,
about it?
Um,
it was a confirmation.
Now it was a confirmation cause I was actually going to do that Gig,
but I couldn't get out of this other gig that I was doing in Denver and it was a
fucking nightmare.
But,
um,
no I don't,
I don't think it's,
it's confirmation.
I think,
uh,
I think it's still a cool event and I just think,
you know,
it's like life every once in a while you're not paying attention and you hit a
pole.
While I had a dream about that last night,
I had a dream last night.
I saw an old guy swerving a big old car and slammed into a telephone pole and I
kept driving a lot of shit for reminding me of stuff on this podcast.
It's really weird.
I'm very reflective.
Okay.
What did you say to Mike when he called you about it?
First of all,
Mike called me up and the sound of his voice,
he literally goes,
did you hear what happened?
I thought a comedian died.
I thought somebody died the way he said it.
And I was like,
oh my God,
who died?
Right.
And He,
and then he started telling me the story.
I just laughed and I was like,
dude,
it doesn't even count.
Getting booed on a show like that is like a,
it's like getting the standing ovation after a v e t set.
You know what I mean?
It just,
it just happens to everybody so it loses its value.
Uh,
I dunno.
I thought it was,
I still laughed.
It's funny.
What are you going to do?
It's kind of a rite of passage now.
It's like he can now go out and get the standup comedy forces,
the Special Forces Tattoo on your arm.
All right.
And uh,
so now,
um,
I don't think so.
Like I love Olin and I love those guys and I really liked the fans and
everything like that,
but every once in a while it's a little crazy,
you know,
every once in awhile I have too much to drink.
Right.
It happens.
No big deal.
Alright.
Um,
anyways.
Okay.
And then his overrated,
underrated,
overrated.
Facebook underrated my space podcast.
Thank you very much.
All right,
uh,
next question.
If you ever had a roommate,
what's the most annoying thing that they ever did?
Uh,
I feel like Coby Brian Right now,
naming names here.
Shaq did it.
Um,
I lived with,
uh,
Robert Kelly who,
well,
I had the CD out.
Let me,
uh,
let me hide his,
his product here before I talk about the annoying thing that he used to do.
Robert Kelly has a new CD called just the tip.
It's absolutely hilarious.
I was listening to what the other night and a son of a bitches,
a funny pastor.
Then,
uh,
if you want to buy it,
you can actually click on his picture right on my page.
Bald headed dude with just the tip of his head as you get it.
Anyways,
I lived with him and he had this annoying habit of right before he went out to
do shows.
He would clean his ears and somehow the cleaning of his ears was in the middle
of his whole getting ready and he would always forget to take his dirty,
filthy q-tips off of the sink.
I think it did it on purpose after awhile and then I would walk in there and see
Bobby Kelly's earwax.
Um,
wow.
Okay.
Some girl just walked by.
I swear to God I saw on Hollywood boulevard,
light skinned black girl with the biggest ass I've ever seen in my life.
I'm wearing white sweatpants.
I say pink on the back.
Her hair is picture Halle berry with like a partial Mohawk in the back.
It's bleached blonde.
And then where it swoops up on the left side is pink and her semi mullet in the
back is also pink.
I want a dog is pick.
Yes.
So it's the same person and that's her sidekick.
The big ass twins.
Oh my God.
I gotta take a picture and that's fucking hilarious.
How often do you see the same freak and I both wearing pink.
Wow.
Now kids are coming over to pet their dog and was a white dog that they dyed
pink and she has earrings that are little stars.
Everybody has a drink.
Okay.
You know what they look like?
Extras and a weird science.
You don't.
If they did like the black version,
which I swear to God,
you can get made.
It's weird science except it's black.
We love it.
All right.
Um,
long rambling podcast question for you,
Bill.
You talk of saying too much porn or whatever,
fucked up videos on the Internet and how you feel your soul is pixelating away.
I think this is unfortunately how I feel about stand up as much as I love it.
I don't know that it even matters if it's clean or dirty.
It's like when you were saying in your blog about Seinfeld's comedy,
how you don't think people realize that he's actually kind of angry because of
the way he packages it to where you're going with this company moves me and gets
me in my soul.
But it seems unavoidably cynical and negative in nature.
You have to constantly prick and Nag,
scrutinize people's life.
I should have had an editor on this one.
I guess my question is,
this is what I should have read.
Can a comedian or even a comedy fan be happy?
Uh,
does life as a comedian scar you and make you formerly okay.
Fundamentally an okay person front.
Okay.
Does basically you saying are you an unhappy negative douche and that's what
makes you become a comedian or are you a wide eyed jack ass and then you become
a comedian and then that makes you when I get an asshole,
um,
for me it was a little bit of both.
Um,
I had a lot of anger that I wasn't even aware of and then I got into stand up
comedy and uh,
has a wide eyed jack ass and eventually,
um,
I think if,
I don't know,
my team has kind of caught up with me.
You know what,
this is how I look at it because I don't think it's specifically just a standup
thing.
If you're fucking up your life and you're 20 years old,
it's not that bad cause you haven't had time to veer too far off the road.
And even if you did,
you're only 20,
so your other high school classmates did just finishing up their sophomore
beginning of junior year in college.
So no matter what,
they're not making six figures,
they don't have a big house,
they don't have kids.
You don't feel like the too far behind and you feel like you can right the ship,
but when you get older and you still fucking up,
that's when you know,
it's kind of like when they launch this,
like one of those probes to go to Mars.
If they're off by literally a centimeter by the time it gets to Mars.
You know what I'm saying?
It's like,
it's like 40 miles off track.
I don't know the fucking numbers.
I never looked it up.
I don't want you to discovery channel,
but uh,
you know what I'm saying?
That's why I think as you get older,
like that kind of stuff happens.
Um,
but also,
yeah,
there are a lot of people who are negative.
I'm trying not to be that way,
but uh,
you know,
it's a battle.
I haven't drank and fucking 11 days and,
uh,
I can't say that I don't miss it and,
but I also kind of miss it just certain certain times.
I miss it.
Now I'm starting to get the sweat.
So let's fucking move on before I,
okay,
let's get into the underrated overrated.
This has been like a big,
a big topic on the podcast.
Everybody likes people like talking about shift that they think is that they
love and nobody else loves.
So they think it's underrated.
And then people also like the overrated shit.
Like I just said,
tropic thunder.
Fucking overrated.
Alright,
I gotta watch my language on that.
Allow surrounded by people.
All right.
Underrated.
Figuring things out for yourself.
My friend installs home theater system and a lady paid him 50 bucks to come over
and fix this high tech,
universal remote.
It turns out the batteries were dead.
So basically what he's saying is,
why don't you use your fucking brain?
He had down Twan wasn't me,
Kirsten again.
All right.
Uh,
people being nice lady hit my car in the parking lot and actually left the note.
You know what?
That's an old school classy thing to do.
But you know what?
When you leave the note,
you're nervous because you might,
you might be leaving it on the car up the neck,
dude,
which is going to sue you for the hell of it.
All right,
I gotta wrap this podcast up.
I'm getting surrounded by people and they're all looking at me like I'm a
maniac.
All right.
More off overrated stuff.
Starship troopers,
Mitch Mitchell,
drummer of the experience.
You,
those of you who don't know,
uh,
overrated,
every band that has come out in the new millennium
racing mufflers.
Oh,
that's hilarious.
I don't get that because you're going two miles an hour and those things and it
makes them sound like you going 80 miles an hour,
which really just,
you know,
kind of lets the audience know that the Rappites already in the hat.
Oh,
it just sounds like it's going fast even when you're not going fast.
Journey's new lead singer.
Yeah,
I heard that.
Some Karaoke guy.
Oh God,
you had a baby.
But that's not sitting behind me on the flight.
Um,
can we get a little core form rag over there please?
All right.
Uh,
overrated.
Kim Kardashians.
Oh,
did something last week.
Yeah.
Underrated black chicks.
Um,
I didn't know they were underrated.
I've always loved them.
I might be the only guy walking watch and track track and field.
Um,
what else?
Uh,
you know what needs to be getting everybody going ape shit up.
I don't get is the Jonas brothers do the Jonas brothers,
man,
that's,
that's par for the course.
There's always going to be the INSYNC,
the Keith Partridge.
It's a market.
You know what I mean?
And uh,
I get it.
They definitely suck in that type of thing,
but I can't stand when people flip out about that stuff when they act like
people who are 28 actually listening to the Jonas by the citizen.
It's a bunch of girls who like writing their names and glitter and drawing
unicorns.
They listened to them.
Okay.
And uh,
I think the only guy who was in poofing up his hair,
um,
is the one that's going to be the breakout star and could possibly have a live
past the age of 19.
But those other two guys with the poofed up hair,
you know,
it's,
I don't know if it's cause they wearing tight jeans and they tuck their shirts
in him,
but I'm telling you,
they're going to have weight problems when they get older.
You can see it.
They can see the Krispy Kreme,
you know,
they're going to be doing those.
Where are they now?
And then they're going to come on stream screening,
but they,
oh my God,
what happened?
And that guy,
I can't believe how big his head is.
All right.
Um,
what am I going,
uh,
Japanese baseball players though?
This is the guy right in back.
Okay,
here we go.
Um,
overrated Dave Matthews band concerts.
Wait,
did I read the shit last week?
No,
I don't think I did.
Dave Matthews band concert,
which is a way of time to say that because,
uh,
the saxophone player passed away.
Just brutal cause he died on an ATV accident as you want to buy a dirt bike too.
So I kind of freaked me.
Uh,
I went,
wait a minute.
I swear to God,
I read this last week.
Overrated.
Have you ever performed,
Oh,
here's a question.
You've never performed anywhere in upstate New York.
You're in New York City all the time,
but I've never seen you play all many.
I've actually played Albany.
I plated on the Montreal Comedy Festival tour
and we did,
uh,
we,
we played at the egg,
which is a theater up there.
He played at the egg and a,
it was cool.
It's definitely cool,
but I think I did some sort of club up there,
but it was a long time ago.
I gotta tell you something.
I've driven the 87 north out of New York so many times that I get sick to my
stomach when I do it.
And that's why I never played Syracuse or Albany or Poughkeepsie.
Um,
my agent was telling me that I might be going there soon,
so,
um,
I didn't mind nobody.
I didn't love it.
It seems like a lonely,
forgotten city though,
you know,
to be the capital city.
It's kind of like Sacramento in California.
That's a weird thing with states where like Illinois,
where you think Chicago would be the Capitol Capitol,
but it's Springfield,
Springfield and then Michigan.
What do you think it is?
You think it's Detroit?
It isn't a toy and saying,
you know,
like Massachusetts is Boston.
Did you know what it is?
It just really shows you how a city used to be the place to be.
And then another city just took it over like I've been,
Albany was unbelievable.
And like 1840,
you know what I mean?
A bunch of chicks walking around just twirling their umbrellas and stuff.
But uh,
it's over.
Same thing with like Pennsylvania.
There's another one.
Do you think it would be Philadelphia or Pittsburgh?
Harrisburg,
you know,
Maryland.
It's not Baltimore,
Annapolis where things are,
and I'm showing you how much I've done the road that I actually know this shit.
Um,
all right.
There's a couple more questions here,
but I've got to get on my flight here,
so I apologize for cutting it short.
I'll read those other questions the next week.
Once again,
everybody,
thank you for listening to my podcast.
Please,
please watch my special this week.
Why do I do this?
Comedy central 11:00 PM.
Uh,
and uh,
I think that's it.
This week I'll be at the stress factory in New Jersey and after that I will be
at the,
uh,
I'm doing umass Amherst and Massachusetts,
Amherst,
Massachusetts with Charlene Murphy the next weekend.
I'm doing the punchline at San Francisco.
The weekend after that,
I'm doing the funny bone in Richmond,
Virginia,
so if you want to,
I want,
I got a new website coming up this week,
hopefully.
Um,
so I take one last look at the old bill burns calm because the new one's coming.
All right.
Thanks to everybody who podcasts.
What's your finger?